Come on, it's also Chen Misheng?
Chen Zhensheng, your master killed his son and killed his wife
Killed my brothers in the team
Please ask me to stop being father and son with you now
I am implacable with you
Bye.
three prayers
Brother Libi Sincere
How did your father get there?
I saw him last month and had to call a nurse
poisoning poisoning
Nothing
Children talk nonsense
These days you wake day and night
I'm a little out of my mind
I was perfectly conscious.
My grandfather was poisoned to death
Xiaotao, don't talk nonsense
The old man died a normal death
Why can't you let the old man go in peace?
Normal death, my grandpa's nails are black.
Apparently poisoned
When the servants saw my grandfather's accident
Black blood from the nose and mouth
What is Chen Zhensheng trying to hide? Who did it?
I want his life
Is Nan Ge real?
Chen Zhensheng, you dare to touch your conscience
You had nothing to do with my grandfather's death